c:\users\justinervin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSlib\CSlib\bin\CSlib.dll.config
c:\users\justinervin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSlib\CSlib\bin\CSlib.dll
c:\users\justinervin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSlib\CSlib\bin\CSlib.pdb
c:\users\justinervin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSlib\CSlib\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\justinervin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSlib\CSlib\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.bootstrap.dll
c:\users\justinervin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSlib\CSlib\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
c:\users\justinervin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSlib\CSlib\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\justinervin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSlib\CSlib\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.RuntimeTelemetry.dll
c:\users\justinervin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSlib\CSlib\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.Web.dll
c:\users\justinervin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSlib\CSlib\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
c:\users\justinervin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSlib\CSlib\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
c:\users\justinervin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSlib\CSlib\bin\Microsoft.Diagnostics.Tracing.EventSource.dll
c:\users\justinervin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSlib\CSlib\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
c:\users\justinervin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSlib\CSlib\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
c:\users\justinervin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSlib\CSlib\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.dll
c:\users\justinervin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSlib\CSlib\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.dll
c:\users\justinervin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSlib\CSlib\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
c:\users\justinervin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSlib\CSlib\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\justinervin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSlib\CSlib\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\justinervin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSlib\CSlib\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\justinervin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSlib\CSlib\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\justinervin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSlib\CSlib\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\justinervin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSlib\CSlib\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.RuntimeTelemetry.pdb
c:\users\justinervin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSlib\CSlib\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.RuntimeTelemetry.xml
c:\users\justinervin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSlib\CSlib\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.Web.pdb
c:\users\justinervin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSlib\CSlib\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.Web.xml
c:\users\justinervin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSlib\CSlib\bin\Microsoft.Diagnostics.Tracing.EventSource.xml
c:\users\justinervin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSlib\CSlib\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.xml
c:\users\justinervin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSlib\CSlib\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
c:\users\justinervin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSlib\CSlib\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.xml
c:\users\justinervin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSlib\CSlib\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\justinervin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSlib\CSlib\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\justinervin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSlib\CSlib\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\justinervin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSlib\CSlib\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
c:\users\justinervin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSlib\CSlib\obj\Release\CSlib.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\justinervin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSlib\CSlib\obj\Release\CSlib.dll
c:\users\justinervin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSlib\CSlib\obj\Release\CSlib.pdb
c:\users\justinervin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSlib\CSlib\bin\Microsoft.CSharp.dll
c:\users\justinervin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSlib\CSlib\bin\Microsoft.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\justinervin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSlib\CSlib\bin\System.Web.ApplicationServices.dll
c:\users\justinervin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSlib\CSlib\bin\System.Web.dll
c:\users\justinervin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSlib\CSlib\bin\System.Web.DynamicData.dll
c:\users\justinervin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSlib\CSlib\bin\System.Web.Entity.dll
c:\users\justinervin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSlib\CSlib\bin\System.Web.Extensions.dll
c:\users\justinervin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSlib\CSlib\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\justinervin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSlib\CSlib\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\justinervin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSlib\CSlib\bin\System.Web.Services.dll
c:\users\justinervin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSlib\CSlib\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\justinervin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSlib\CSlib\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\justinervin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSlib\CSlib\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\justinervin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSlib\CSlib\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
c:\users\justinervin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSlib\CSlib\bin\WebMatrix.Security.dll
c:\users\justinervin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSlib\CSlib\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
c:\users\justinervin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSlib\CSlib\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\justinervin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSlib\CSlib\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\justinervin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSlib\CSlib\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\justinervin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSlib\CSlib\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\justinervin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSlib\CSlib\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\justinervin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSlib\CSlib\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
c:\users\justinervin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSlib\CSlib\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
